Did you before know about the techniques Git, GitHub, Markdown and/or GitHub Pages?
Git
We learned how to use git in a class called "object oriented programming" as part of our programme in software development
in HKR. We learned how to set up a git repository, how to set up an origin, a master branch and other branches, committing,
pushing, pulling, etc. All this using git bash.

Github
I learned github after learning how to use git bash, as you usually need a remote origin to be able to work in groups.
I've used github extensively for most of my projects since then, since it's very nice to have a remote backup for your
projects.

Markdown
Never heard of markdown before.

Github Pages
Never heard of this either.

Have you ever created websites before?
Yes, partly. I started learning React and made a website using it. I never went too much in depth and didn't even learn
too much.

I was interested to create a personal website since I have a lot of different projects and I wanted somewhere I could
archive them and maybe inspire other people that might stumble upon them. For example, I used to write short stories
and it would've been neat to be able to host the stories on there. I also had a few graphical implementations
of software "challenges", like the knight's tour.

In hindsight, some of the things I wanted for the website would've required learning javascript, which I did not have
time for at that moment in my life.

Briefly explain your experience and knowledge of web application development.
I started a project to create my personal website using React. I forgot to add it to github and formatted my computer,
losing all progress. It wasn't much, however so I don't mind it.

I also know how to scrape websites, so I have some cursory knowledge in html structure. It didn't interest me too much
when I learnt it, so I don't know all the different tags for HTML, but I know a few (href, li, a, etc).

Besides that, I don't have a lot of knowledge on web development. I did try to learn javascript a while ago (trying to
learn how to use flutter to create native apps for android and iOs), but coming from a heavy oop language like java, it
was very difficult to wrap my head around it.

What is your TIL for this course section?
I learned how to link internal pages inside a project. I also learned how to use an index file.